here's another edition of YouTube for
players of Gainesville this time is
gonna be on our 2011 cross country and
there we go this is the deal it's the
hard bagger is the way to go
you got your fork-mounted fairing all of
your like like the controls that you
need on here great seat height but again
we'll look at an awesome power plan of
160 cubic inches and again as 93
horsepower 107-foot pounds of torque
again paired up to that 30,000 mile hill
cut transmission six years it's great
for the open road is what you want to do
but for those that want a future in
styling for their hard bagger you're
gonna find something really different on
here yeah we've got a wind tunnel
dictated bike by design we have totally
different far-out and radical highway
bars 18 inches a foot placement down
here for winter different than this
all right tell you a little bit about
the powerplant that we have on here
again you're looking at victory it's 106
cubic inch freedom v-twin engine which
is a stress mounted engine make sure you
have a solid ride and I can be rattled
to death
it also paired to that hundred thousand
mile helical cut six-speed transmission
it really works out well and her up on
the open highway 70 80 on up brings it
down for much more comfortable ride now
again on this bike just like visual we
talked about earlier we got 18 inches a
floor board here for the rider on this
bike you're have to be pretty tall to
get to the end of that so you sit
yourself up stretched up pretty well
you've got great large floorboards for
your rear passenger huge seating a lot
of comfortable it's a leading in this
class as far as your overall comfort
your seat height and your ground
clearance great center of gravity on
this bike so tell you a little bit more
of a walk to the front of the bike I
hear something I personally like about
this bike you know I swear it off
bearing up here doesn't look old school
something new something fresh it's
really popping you might not be able to
see it where you're looking at right now
but ever
from this fender up to this fairing is
completely designed to make sure that
all rain and everything comes off does
not touch your hands and that you can be
riding pretty well also have a two zone
area right here does windchill for where
to compare to come up over a little bit
air to come up under to make sure that
you're riding and a comfortable cockpit
on this bike so again here have a great
riding experience now it's something I
want to tell you about these bikes
you're looking at everything with
victory is air and oil cool make an
island so it runs out of gas is not
going to overheat it's also going to
last a lot longer for you only requires
one service everything is in one bank
for this bike wondering plug one oil
filter that's it owner up owner
operation is 95 percent customer
satisfaction across the board so all you
need to do is come by and see one of
these things up close I'm gonna tell you
a little more about everything over here
now on this 2011 hard bagger for victory
you've got over 21 gallons of storage
with these real hard bags it's a simple
top open very easy to get to your
passenger can do it while you're writing
out the stop pop and lock everything you
do to get this thing over and to give
you an idea of what that 21 gallons of
storage means you can take a Harley bag
right off the bike drop it right in here
close it up and take that with you if
you want but something else oh these
these are quick release easy to take off
for cleaning for maintenance everything
that you need to do it's very easy to
close so you have a great position for
the bike and gear yourself up and again
go on that open road and get where you
need to go now a little bit over here on
the back of the bike okay this one's you
guys to see how the sweet it looks for
the back okay everybody's right behind
just gonna love what your on is what we
have here we got LED lights and all of
our new bikes for 2011 your braking
system they're large they're visible
everything's to do get your nice dual
chrome tip exhaust coming out the back
again just a wonderful bike here a
little bit about those comfort features
I was talking about earlier
very simply hand mounted designs for
your radio iPod you can hook stuff up on
here and it's integrated right into the
system so whatever you hook up with that
iPod or some type of musical device that
you have user right here know going
right back to your storage fumbling in
your pockets makes for a smoother ride
and great sound coming from these
speakers an extra power port right here
nice high analog and digital display for
everything you need to do is going
looking down minimizes your time from
getting to the road into your gauges
without trying cruise control again this
is sweet
very very nice you see yeah is mounted
on those pullback handlebars great to
get you to a great position we begin
leading for the seat height ground
clearance pull back you're gonna be
super comfortable all you need to do now
let's come down to players of
Gainesville and again assume these
things for yourself see why this is the
new American motorcycle and why we're
presenting here right in Alachua County
you